oh by the way last night on the show I
announced my wife and I are having a
baby and we're actually we're not sure
if she's pregnant this time or I am we
want it to be a surprise but right we
have a toddler in our home running our
home right now her name is Jane Jane is
almost two-and-a-half years old and
already I'm very proud she's doing
imitations so this is her Jane's
invitation my wife Molly suffering from
morning sickness he's dead
look I'm mama she stuck her head in the
potty making a vomiting noise so that's
just going on in my house in case you
were wondering hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever